feat(#448): support encrypting submission payload (#766)
getodk/web-forms: packages/xforms-engine/src/lib/client-reactivity/instance-state/quarantine/README.md

Reviewer: This felt familiar as it's a similar approach to https://github.com/getodk/central-backend/tree/142c1c85501d90d225116862ba79dd914c5fcfc1/lib/util/quarantine

[Added for info; no resolution required.]

# Encryption

> [!CAUTION]
> Custom encryption is a bad idea. Do not use this unless absolutely necessary.

> [!CAUTION]
> Modification of this code requires great care as a bug in the encryption algorithm will make submissions unrecoverable.

> This code implements the [ODK Spec](https://getodk.github.io/xforms-spec/encryption) which is very particular about how it's done so as to be compatible with other implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this directory implements the [ODK Spec](https://getodk.github.io/xforms-spec/encryption) which is very particular about how it's done so as to be compatible with other implementations.
```

Author: Done.

## Implementation

> The symmetric encryption parts of the spec are implemnted using CryptoJS because the particularly algorithm required by the spec is not supported by Subtle Crypto, and we use CryptoJS elsewhere.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The symmetric encryption parts of the spec are implemented using CryptoJS because the particular algorithm required by the spec is not supported by Subtle Crypto, and we use CryptoJS elsewhere.
```
